What are new features of Angular 14?

 Angular 14 :

a)Angular CLI Auto-Completion : CLI enables real-time type ahead auto-completion in the terminal.
b) Strictly Typed Forms : Angular's model-driven approach to working with forms.
c)Angular DevTools : In offline mode, you can use the Angular DevTools debugging plugin.
d)Enhanced Template Diagnostics : allow Angular developers to be protected from common errors by the compiler

2)What are differences between Workspace,Projects and libraries?

     1.Workspace : collection of projects
                             command : ng new myworkspace
     2.Project   : collection of librabries
     3.libary    : A library is a collection of components, services, directives etc. that can be shared across different Angular projects.
                    command : ng g library mylibrary  

3) what are difference between dependancies, dev dependancies and peer dependancies?
    1 Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called dependencies and 
                    it consists of all the packages that are used in the project with its version number. 
    2 Dev Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called as dev Dependencies and it consists 
                        of all the packages that are used in the project in its development phase and not in 
                        the production or testing environment with its version number.
    3 Peer Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called as peerDependencies and it consists 
                         of all the packages that are exactly required in the project or to the person who is 
                         downloading and the version numbers should also be the same.

4) whatare differences between version, tilde version and caret version?
    1  version "14.0.0"   :   defines version
    2  version "^14.0.0"  : ^ freezes the major number only.
    3  version"~14.0.0"   : ~ freezes major and minor numbers.

